Adding Environment Variables (#41)
dwyl/learn-flutter: README.md

```

## Environment Variables

> Environment variables are variables like those we create in our applications.

Reviewer: @miguelmartins17 rather than explaining what environment variables are (_incompletely_),
we should just point people to: https://github.com/dwyl/learn-environment-variables#what

> They are dynamically named values in the operating system, which affect the behavior of the programs that consume it. They are stored in a "list" of key-values.

Reviewer: Yes and No. This explanation is incomplete. We are better off adding more detail to our existing tutorial on this topic https://github.com/dwyl/learn-environment-variables and then _linking_ to it from `learn-flutter`.

### When should we use the environment variables?

> One frequent use is to store keys and passwords. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most frequent use of environment variables is to store API keys and passwords. 
```
